Add meta description to docs (#2316)
MithrilJS/mithril.js: docs/jsx.md

<!--meta

> Explanation, examples, and build notes on how to use JSX in your Mithril apps.

Author: ```suggestion
Explanation, examples, and build notes on how to use JSX in your Mithril apps
```

> Explanation, examples, and build notes on how to use JSX in your MithrilJS-apps

Reviewer: Fix for consistency with the rest.

```suggestion
Explanation, examples, and build notes on how to use JSX in your Mithril-based apps
```
